# dbn_index
testing 
A stock index or stock market index is a measurement of the value of a section of the stock market. It is computed from the prices of selected stocks (typically a weighted average). It is a tool used by investors to describe the market. The stock market index research is an important part in building a socialist market economic model, and stock investment is also an important way for the citizens to participate in the investment, it is necessary to understand the volatility of the stock index for the management and monitoring of the market, it will be helpful for us to grasp the market trend or prevent financial risks. However, with the development of multi-polarization of the world and economic globalization, and the inherent complexity of the financial system, the stock market’s movement is more and more deviating from the classical financial model under the EMH, its non-linear characteristic is obvious.
Fortunately, we are not powerless about this, there is a successful significance for constructing a reasonable prediction model with the neural networks to solve the problems of non-linear dynamics. The preferred model is the Deep Belief Network which is set up by a stack of multiple Restricted Boltzmann Machines rather than the traditional BP neural network. Having been experienced through many years of testing after being presented by the computer scientist Geoffrey Hinton in 2006, DBN has been widely applied in the medical, financial and information technology fields. Predicting the volatility of short-term stock index with DBN not only meets the need of speculation, but also is a good attempt to push DBN to more detailed field practice.
This article reviews the basic theory of investment, stock market theory and neural network theory. The purpose of this article is to derive a model that can predict future stock price trend through historical data training. In this study, CSI 300 Index and historical stock transaction data is written to test through neural network model built by DBN, to simulate the volatility. The results of the preliminary survey show that the structure of DBN has great potential for understanding the behavior of stock market.
